Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, this lecture had awarded us to the faster database.
Okay, now, to do this, we're going to go to our visa code.
Then we're going to go to the controllers for the dead.
The hearts of the controller.
Okay.
Now, what I'm going to do first is really is control and be enough to make this very big.
Okay, great.
Now, over here, we are simply saying if the who name the user, name the email, the password, if
they are not empty, then only serve for that.
If they are not empty, then only we want to create the user.
Okay, now over here we create an invisible called create.
Right.
Which has access to all the details of that user.
Okay.
Now, what we are also going to do is we don't only just want to create the user, but as well we are
going to save that user to the faster database.
Now we can easily just after a year we can.
We can still fire this fire.
So we shall show you before Families First, that is, does that coalition.
Right.
So what are we going to do?
We can just see if that's where we as fast or in the variable circle go to our our cost.
The dodge by that I'm gonna use control and V to make this white.
And over here, we can create a variable.
And we can call this.
Player base store.
Okay, then this is going to be required to firebase for us to.
For us to do that is tense.
Okay, great.
Now you're going to go back to the site of.
The sound of.
Okay.
So the arts curricula.
Like we said, we don't only want to create these, but as well what are we are going to save all this
data is to the.
Class two database.
Okay, great.
Now, what you're going to do now is to call that the variable we created.
Okay, so it's going to be five days.
So.
Then they're going to set dot collection.
Now, I just showed you this on.
I guess you do an example of you write when you created a collection.
So like I said, we're not going to create this collection manually.
Okay.
So this is going to be we're going to call this collection uses.
Now, the next thing we did after creating the user's collection, which was to connect that user with
an idea.
Right.
So as well, what we're going to do is not to get the.
Idea of.
Now to get the idea of the user, you're going to say dot.
The dog I know as well told you dog is referring to the user.
Okay.
So now to get the idea of the user, what they're going to do is this very concrete they're going to
secrete.
That's.
Create the user standards you ID.
So this is going to give us the idea of the user.
We can just love to see it come in.
Okay.
So now over here we have created.
A coalition called Uses.
Then we said Doc, which is referring to the user.
That is a single user that I said you to connect that.
User to the coalition using words.
And Heidi, so over here we got the idea of the user base into the variable could create this rainbow
called create as access to all the users data.
Right.
Okay.
So they are creating it.
They're giving the recreating the idea based on the.
Right.
Okay.
So now what they're going to do it is they're going to set those set.
Great.
Okay.
Now, so what you're going to do is to pass all those fields the first.
Fields.
Vineyard is the full name.
Just make it like this.
Okay.
So this is going to be full on the second name, right?
Sorry.
This should be comma.
We also need to use a name.
Okay.
So it is going to be.
Use a name.
Right.
Okay.
We also need to email.
And this is going to be.
In their eyes.
Okay.
I think these are the two fields we need.
We can't actually store the password.
Okay, great.
Great.
Now, currently we don't have the users coalition rights.
What automatically is going to get created when we around us?
Okay, great.
So what you're basically saying if all these fields are not empty, we want to create these.
We don't want to create the user also wants to store the data's in or it's faster.
Okay.
Great.
So now we're going to try this out well before then in our target in order to avoid areas such as the
heart.
For now, we're just going to get rid of this place that will crush our heart because we have a ton
of that.
Okay, so what you can just do over this task, you can just convert.
This image, though.
You see it later in comments.
Okay.
Great.
Artsy start this.
Okay.
Or to start.
Ack ack ack ack ack ack.
I think this has taken longer than expected.
Okay.
Sorry for the delay.
Now you're going to.
Okay.
I think we need to go to this side up.
All right.
Currently, we don't have that.
Okay, now for the phone.
We can.
We can we can sell.
I think a lot of the problem.
Okay.
So on.
There we can see Macaulay.
Luckily she was okay.
So the email is going to be sorry.
The user name is going to be my call.
Lay in wait is going to be called the.
It was.
She will come.
Then the password is going to be a Y and AC.
Okay.
Now we're going to click on words.
Register now as of see what is going on.
We can just go to our.
So.
I mean, are.
Then the book also.
Okay.
Great.
It's created the college campus.
Okay.
Now, what we're going to do is we're going to check our way.
Just going to go to this ruse.
Then navigate, get back to DHS automatically to refresh that page.
Okay.
Now you can see we are the users collection.
Okay, great.
We have our users coalition now in how to connect this user to this.
Users.
We are using the height we we created an ID and the user's ID to connect this user to the user's condition.
Okay.
So this is the connection between.
I don't really know if you can understand this, but I believe as the process goes, you didn't understand
everything works.
Okay?
So what we can do as well, we can't just create another user because it should be.
I mean.
And this should be.
Then this should be the main -- that called it the password us, B.J. Mark.
Okay, you can click on register again and go check what is happening here.
I think we're having some.
The Turkish is a small network.
Okay.
Great.
You can see it over here.
I mean, which means we have created that user.
Okay, now you can see it over here.
Now we have some documents.
So you can see we have two documents or we have words.
So users.
So you can refer to this to.
This too.
It is a way to document or to use, as the rabbi said.
But users of both documents are connected.
So this use escalation by words and it.
Okay, great.
So now you're going to start now.
Savor the image as well to our database.
Right.
Okay.
But for now, I think they're just going to start over here.
So you can check the process.
It's not really that much.
Right.
We are basically saying if other cities are not empty wants to create the user then attractive to the
user.
We want to store the data as to the first store.
So that is always going to say, okay, we stored the variable, stored the created users values in
the original called Create, which also has the height of the user.
And over you said doc, which is referring to the user to create its user.
That's your idea.
We should get the user.
You are the user, Heidi, for us.
The recognition needs to this user, just as you said, you can see this is more like a rules or then
both.
Together you can see the connection on this area over here and this are all connected both together.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.